Domain change improvements (#644)
plausible/docs: docs/change-domain-name.md

* Click on the "**Change domain**" button to proceed with the domain name change

* After a successful domain change, we will attempt to visit your new domain in order to advise you on the next steps (which depend on how you've set up Plausible). You should see a loading spinner while the process is ongoing, and a tailored recommendation once it finishes. Note that the same information is available in step 1 of the checklist below. We recommend you to go over that checklist to make sure your entire Plausible integration will continue working as before.

## Domain change checklist

In this section, we'll highlight everything that might need additional action after a successful domain change in Plausible.

### 1. Ensure your tracking is working

First and foremost, you'll need to make sure your stats are still tracking. Whether or not you need to take any action here depends on your setup.

| Tracking setup                                                                          | Required action to ensure continuous tracking  |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|

> | V2 tracking snippet (i.e. a `<script>` tag with `src=".../pa-{UNIQUE_ID}.js"`)          | No action required                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Manual installation (i.e. the snippet on the website contains the word `plausible.init`)          | No action required                             |
```

The reason for this suggestion is that from the perspective of new customers, there is no v2 anywhere: it's the only snippet they know.

| Legacy tracking snippet (i.e. a  `<script>`  tag with the  `data-domain`  attribute)    | Update the `data-domain` attribute value       |
| WordPress plugin                                                                        | Update the site domain in your plugin settings |

> | NPM package                                                                             | Update the `domain` option passed to `init()`  |

Reviewer: Maybe good to have an example?

Update `@plausible-analytics/tracker` init options, e.g. `init({ domain: "your_new_domain.com", ... })`
